Update fetching-incidents.md (#361)
demisto/content-docs: docs/integrations/fetching-incidents.md

    events = query_events(query, start_time)
```

> ### Fetch Limit 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Fetch Limit 
```

> Another important parameter is the `Fetch Limit` parameter. Using this parameter the customer can enforce the maximum number of incidents to fetch per fetch command. In order to maintain optimal load on XSOAR we reccomend enforcing a limit of 200 incidents per fetch. Notice that should a customer enter a larger number or a blank parameter the `Test` button should fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An important parameter is the `Fetch Limit` parameter. Using this parameter the customer can enforce the maximum number of incidents to fetch per fetch command. In order to maintain optimal load on XSOAR we recommend enforcing a limit of 200 incidents per fetch. Notice that should a customer enter a larger number or a blank parameter the `Test` button should fail.
```
